README.md, before:

I am a Research Fellow at University College London, Mechanical Engineering.  
Current research interests encompass **computer-aided methods** to synthesise **Lyapunov Functions**, combined with **formal methods** to certify their correctness, and on hardware and onboard software design of **Autonomous Underwater Vehicles**.   
  
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=grande-dev&color=blue&style=flat-square)  
  
### Works and public software contributions
The following list reports public software contributions associated to (a few) published works:
  
## 2025  
7. [IS-sat: an inductive synthesis approach for fault-tolerant control laws](https://github.com/AndreaPuffo/IS-sat) (under-review)  
  
6. [OpenMAUVe: a design tool and dynamic simulator for (complex) underwater vehicles  (ongoing 2025-2026)](https://github.com/grande-dev/OpenMAUVe) (published in preliminary version)  
  
5. [A ROS-based framework for the control of underwater vehicles in a water tank (ongoing 2025-2026)](https://github.com/guobang494/Bluerov2-Heavy-From-Simulation-to-Reality) (unpublished)  
  

## 2024  
4. [Passive Fault Tolerant-Augmented Neural Lyapunov Control](https://github.com/grande-dev/pFT-ANLC) (published)   
  
3. [OsCar: A bio-inspired underwater robotic fish (ongoing 2024-2026)](https://github.com/tariq2444/OsCar) (unpublished)  
  

## 2023   
2. [Preview of: Passive Fault Tolerant-Augmented Neural Lyapunov Control](https://github.com/grande-dev/pFT-ANLC-preview)  (published)  
  
1. [Augmented Neural Lyapunov Control](https://github.com/grande-dev/Augmented-Neural-Lyapunov-Control) (published)

Commit message:

Added link to personal GitHub page.

README.md, after:


[My personal profile page](https://grande-dev.github.io/) includes research interest, teaching and list of publications. 
  
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=grande-dev&color=blue&style=flat-square)  
  
### Works and public software contributions
The following list reports public software contributions associated to (a few) works:
  
## 2025  
7. [IS-sat: an inductive synthesis approach for fault-tolerant control laws](https://github.com/AndreaPuffo/IS-sat) (under-review)  
  
6. [OpenMAUVe: a design tool and dynamic simulator for (complex) underwater vehicles  (ongoing 2025-2026)](https://github.com/grande-dev/OpenMAUVe) (published in preliminary version)  
  
5. [A ROS-based framework for the control of underwater vehicles in a water tank (ongoing 2025-2026)](https://github.com/guobang494/Bluerov2-Heavy-From-Simulation-to-Reality) (unpublished)  
  

## 2024  
4. [Passive Fault Tolerant-Augmented Neural Lyapunov Control](https://github.com/grande-dev/pFT-ANLC) (published)   
  
3. [OsCar: A bio-inspired underwater robotic fish (ongoing 2024-2026)](https://github.com/tariq2444/OsCar) (unpublished)  
  

## 2023   
2. [Preview of: Passive Fault Tolerant-Augmented Neural Lyapunov Control](https://github.com/grande-dev/pFT-ANLC-preview)  (published)  
  
1. [Augmented Neural Lyapunov Control](https://github.com/grande-dev/Augmented-Neural-Lyapunov-Control) (published)
